If you talk so much, you should die
I wish this king died
It's a pity that you didn't get your wish.
I'll say it first
I really didn't poison his emperor to save his life
I know. I believe you.
You believe me
Why plead guilty?
The entrance should not be
Worry about me
Worry about you
This king is just worried about being dragged down by a stupid woman like you
you
Her Majesty the Princess of Chu asked you to go to the Cloud Palace
Xiaoyun Temple
Your Majesty, are you asking me to go to Kaitai Mountain Lake?
That's fine.
Everything be careful
Do not act rashly
I know.
Don't worry, Wen Haodao is finally a person
No need to salute
Since you surprised me
Then go and see how the emperor is doing
Oral mucosal congestion
Swollen gums
Find out what was poisoned?
The minister can't wait
Can you show me the diagnostic log?
Vomited blood twice and then passed out
Weak pulse
Bullet in the lip
This clinical manifestation
This is a symptom of cinnabar poisoning
How is that possible?
There was no cinnabar in the palace of the Supreme Emperor
What's more, cinnabar poisoning requires a large amount of oral administration
The emperor's diet was carefully managed by the descendants
It's impossible to take it by mistake
Princess Chu
You don't want to kill me to get rid of guilt, do you?